docs: electron related (#363)
web-infra-dev/rspack-website: docs/en/config/target.mdx

The following options are now supported:

| options                      | description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| ---------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `'node'`                     | Compile as available for Node.js environments                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `'node[[X].Y]'`                   | Compile as available for Node.js environments                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
